Update from auto-update/renku-ui-3.4.2 (#3039)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.25.2
------

Renku ``0.25.2`` introduces a few bug fixes and improvements in the UI.

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**✨ Improvements**

> - 🧾 **UI**: Use dropdowns for session options with many elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🧾 **UI**: Use drop-downs for session options with many elements
```
